---
title: I.T. progression blog 4 2018
layout: post
author: robin.lawrence
permalink: /i.t.-progression-blog-4-2018/
source-id: 1xr21j5FGA9iQEDtZR7vn_J87reUTFrU_sgoC93I8vHw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I.T. progression blog 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/02/2018</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A good understanding of defchars and how to use the fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To power through the booklet so that we can get onto using robotic arms after half term.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Well, we did complete the task that we were given but I'm not sure that we are quite onto the robot arms.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered when I couldn't find the right line in the code so I got a bit confused</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>In class I questioned the method that we used to workthrought the booklet. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Part way through the lesson I started writing my blog like sir told us to. Before, I wasn’t using the template which I was marked down for but now I am, which took me some time but I figured out how to get it. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on the way I had used the skills required in previous lessons in order to do the work today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged with the lesson and the end result. (Which in this case was a random number guessing game).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I focused to much on my blog which was really something that I could have done for homework. However I did need some help with my template that I couldn’t have done at home.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to spend more time with my group and what’s relevant the the lesson at the time and not so much on the homework.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


